<h4>
Ramalytics: A fresh new approach to web analytics
</h4>

<p>
<a href="/register">Register</a> and get started in seconds,
or <a href="/login">log in</a> with your existing account.
</p>

<p>
Are you a coder or a sysadmin?  Check out
<a href="http://github.com/Pistos/Ramalytics">Ramalytics' github project</a>.
</p>

<h3>Rationale</h3>

<p>
Ramalytics is an attempt at a fresh, new approach to web analytics.
Specifically, it seeks to answer one simple, burning question:
</p>

<div class="notice">
<em>"What's new?"</em>
</div>

<p>
Traditional web analytics buries you with an avalanche of data which, no doubt,
was interesting to you at *some* point in time in the past.  Yet, as the
novelty of your web stats wears off, the unflagging tenacity of your analyzer
does not.  Day after day, you stare at the same reports telling you the same
myriad of details, again and again.  "Yes," you cry, "I _know_ I get five
thousand referrals a week from Super Duper Search Engine<sup>1</sup>!  Tell me
something I _don't_ know!"
</p>

<p>
Enter Ramalytics.  Go ahead; use those other web analytics tools for mining
the usual stuff.  But if you simply want to know (or be notified about) the
juicy latest about your website, turn to Ramalytics.
</p>

<p>
Ramalytics was created in the same spirit as
<a href="http://sm.purepistos.net">Selfmarks</a>,
that is: "Why blame third parties when you can blame yourself?"  Run and serve
your web analytics yourself, and when your tracking code slows down your site,
it's your own fault!  No guts, no glory, as they say.
</p>

<p style="font-size: smaller">
<sup>1</sup> "Not an actual search engine.  I know you wanted to google that, but don't bother."
</p>